[JS] Add support for new DPI Config in Orchestration (#170)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-js/orchestration/chat-completion.mdx

Orchestration service offers a masking provider "SAP Data Privacy Integration (DPI)" to anonymize or pseudonymize sensitive information.

> Use `buildDpiMaskingProvider()` function to build a DPI masking provider.
> Define either standard or custom entities to be anonymized.
> Use `replacement_strategy` to control how these entities are masked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `buildDpiMaskingProvider()` function to build a DPI masking provider with standard or custom entities. Provide regular expression to match a custom entity.
Configure `replacement_strategy` to control how entities are masked.
Set method to `constant` to replace an entity with the specified value followed by an incrementing number.
Set method to `fabricated_data` to replace an entity with a randomly generated value appropriate to its type.
```
